Old Essay:

I think that NCSSM would be the best academic enrichment program this coming summer for me because it matches with and will help me with my goals for the future. My aspirations are to use my skills in STEM to try and make an impact on the world. I have already started progressing towards this goal by using Flutter to learn about mobile app development. and Joining my schools robotics team. I believe that NCSSM will be an incredible opportunity for me to further progress my goal. 

My personal experiences have led me to choose Summer Ventures as my preferred academic enrichment program this coming summer. I have gained numerous invaluable skills and hands-on learning experiences throughout my life, and I am a part of a non-profit organization called GokulBhajan and Vedic Studies (GBVS). I think that NCSSM and GBVS will help me be my best self by giving me the skills to make my goal a reality. 
I feel like the best step forward is to join NCSSM this summer and gain the skills necessary to further my life skills. 
Overall, my dedication to technology and STEM has led me to take a variety of coursework and engage in extracurricular activities that have helped me develop my skills and knowledge in these fields. I am confident that these experiences have prepared me for excellence in STEM, and have given me the experience I need to join NCSSM Summer Ventures. This program will also allow me to further my knowledge of the subjects I like and enjoy.

When I am not busy working on bettering myself, I like to go on jogs, talk with my friends and play Video Games. I am also involved in a club called TSA at my school, which is basically a way for me to engage myself in other areas of study. Me and my friends have started collaborating to create a new piece of software that we will be calling MUK: Facial Detection. We are planning on training a deep neural network to detect faces and encrypt the data to be used for technologies such as facial unlock. We are in the middle of training the huge dataset, and I believe that we will be done with the model towards the end of march, just in time to attend the TSA regionals. I am also really interested in Linux, and I have started to work on creating my distro. I have started by talking the KDE spin of Fedora and tweaking it to my likeing, but I would like to one day build by own distro using the linux shell. Another thing that I find fascinating and that I would like to join in on soon is the video game design industry. The gaming industry is a multi-billion dollar industry which is projected to grow exponentially. I believe that this is a really good opportunity to learn more about business while also purseing my interests in video games.  I have already started familiarizing myself with Unreal Engine 5.1 and how it works and I have also joined the Video Game Design club in TSA which I believe will be extremely useful for me. I believe that I have a good head start to fulfilling all of my goals, but I do believe that joining NCSSM will help me a lot. 

New Essay:
I am interested in this position because of my ever-growing love and passion for computer science. Since 6th grade, I have been teaching myself to code and have developed a solid foundation in computer science. My experiences as a member of my school's robotics team, the leader of the software development group in my school's Technology Student Association (TSA) club and being the team lead have equipped me with the skills and knowledge to contribute effectively to the CS4All initiative. Additionally, my work for developing an app for the non-profit Gokul Bhajan and Vedic Studies using Flutter demonstrates my commitment to using technology for social good.


This internship will benefit my educational and career goals by providing me with an opportunity to apply my skills and knowledge in a real-world setting, learning from experienced educators and developers and learning to work in a group enviornment. Participating in this program will help me build a strong foundation for my future academic and professional pursuits, including my aspiration to pursue a degree in computer science. Furthermore, this experience will allow me to leverage my diverse experiences in computer science, app development, robotics, and leadership to contribute to the CS4All initiative.


To me, CS4All represents the democratization of computer science education, ensuring that students from all backgrounds have equal access to the knowledge and skills necessary to succeed in the rapidly evolving digital world. It is about breaking down barriers and promoting diversity in the field, empowering historically marginalized groups to participate in and contribute to the growth of technology and innovation. My involvement in various computer science-related activities, such as teaching, app development, robotics, and leadership in the TSA club, demonstrates my commitment to making computer science education more inclusive and accessible to all students, ultimately fostering a more diverse and innovative tech industry.


Make my new one a little bit longer please. Also use any information that i havent mentioned in the new one from the old one. I am applying for the CS4All program
